After I get it done, this store is mine
What's the matter, I'm also a college student.
In the clothing business
I won't lose to that apprentice in Jiangri
What's wrong with Hui people?
Has the mud's clothing show been seized?
Did he go to jail?
What did Boss Zhang run away from?
It ran away, you asked me to go to Boss Zhao to pick up the goods.
But when I went
There's no one in his place
And there's big writing on his door.
Said a liar
Pardon me?
I asked my neighbor next door.
He said that Boss Zhao is a fraudster with rich customers
It's out of stock.
What about this?
Huimin
He took all our money.
371.5 billion 381.5 billion
Wish we made almost 4,000 bucks today
Jiang Lili, you are amazing
And so forth.
We now have more than 300 orders in hand.
But according to the number of tailors we have now
This has to be done in the year of the monkey and the month of the horse
No no
Go on like this
The tailor has to kick out the sparks
Looks like I'll have to find a clothing factory to cooperate with
Garment factory